Vim Theme Notes

Guardian
Type:
Notes nice slate grey background
needs comments ctermbg none, \n ctermbg none
focus:  XHTML and CSS editing, however you can use it for Ruby and JavaScript development as well

grb256
Notes: colors look like desert in a perl file, check this using a ruby script 
focus: Ruby on Rails development

Codeschool
Notes: color scheme to mimic the CodeSchool theme used in their Rails Best Practises course
looks great in gvim but not in vim

Distinguished
New name: Distinguished256
Type: 256 colors
Notes: Looks good in gvim/vim.  on text files, black background, text is white. high contrast. Otherwise pretty good charcoal background with subtle greens (good). Perl variables could be brighter than strings. Has an interesting color map, check that technique out.  text is white


Freya
Type:
Notes: One of the best, good balance of earth tones, some green needs replacing


Mayansmoke
Type:gvim
Notes: Outstanding

Baycomb
Type: gvim
Notes: some nice subtle colors with background light

Newspaper
Type: gvim
Notes: light, but not enough contrast. good string, quotes, brackets etc all in near black.  Good new line and regex in light blue
control structures in redare a little heavy/bold/dark

Impact
Type:256 
Notes good low contrast grey on grey.  Excellent  text only

Blackdust
Type: gvim
Notes: excellent grey on grey, but needs some tweeks, Good: varables lighter than functions etc. quotes and text in a nice pastel red.    Bad: control block key words etc are cyan (bad). Maybe swap the cyan for the red and make text dk grey

Ambient:
Type 256
Notes based on ubuntu ambient theme, white yellow orange on charcoal bkground.  Good: white control blocks

Lodestone
Type gvim
Notes great light green and light purple color. nice charcoal background excellent dark comments. (perl only) otherwise too much bright green

Zmrok
Type: gvim
Notes: excellent earth tones on black background. Replace ambience oranges with these colors and it would be great. Bad: bright green

Stackoveflow
Type: gvim
Notes: one of the best light themes


Less*
Type:8/16
Notes: Nice minimal supposed to be based on proper syntax rule i.e function names not keywords highlighted (see syntax lib referenced at http://www.vim.org/ but that is definately not implemented here

Vydark*
Type: gvim
Notes:  nice dark minimal colors.  Bad: some ugly pastel gree

vydark256**
Type: vim
Notes this is a theme I am working on based on vydark and converted to 256 colors with vim-tocterm, then changed to reflect the colors I am looking for.n

Warm_grey
Type: gvim
Notes: nice very subdude, good  red, Bad: underlined control structures and italic comments


Strange**
Type: 256
Notes: Very minimal grey on black, proper highlighting that emphasizes varables and function names over keywords. Needs plain text greyed instead of white. Needs TODO color changed.  Overall probably the best as it need very few changes.

Lucid
Type: 256
Notes: grey on grey, has syntax for php, js, css and html in same file but color choices not so good. Keep this and change colors to something darker etc..


Jhlight
Type:
Notes: med grey blue background with black test and some subtle syntax highlighting.  maybe to high contrast for long sessions.  too much dark green (comments) ba clash with blue background.

Stackoverflow
Type: gvim
Notes: Very nice conservative text on lt blue background, one of the nicest looking light themes, very fancy current cursor line syntax highlighting but no visable curosr position this must be a bug.

brookstream
Type:
Notes:  nice blue and gray, to much cyan though


